README.md, before:

# tinyshell
Simple shell implementation in C

## features

1. Pipeline: Multiple commands chained together by their standard streams, so that output text of each process (`stdout`) is passed directly as input (`stdin`) to the next one. Read more from [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pipeline_(Unix)). The syntax is to list multiple commands, separated by vertical bars (pipes - "|").
2. Filename wildcard: Match file names using wildcard characters. Supported wildcard characters are `*`, `?`, `[]`, `!`. Read more from [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_character).
3. Command substitution: Run a command and paste the output of that command on the command line to another command. `vi $(fgrep -l malloc *.c)` will find all the `C` files that has `malloc` in it and then open them with `vi` editor. Learn more from [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command_substitution).
4. Shell variables: 
5. User-executable shell script:
6. Interrupt handling: 
7. Control structures: if/then/else/endif, switch/breaksw/endsw and while/end/break/continue

Commit message:

update: new features plus updated previous features in docs
updated some previous features while listing them with their order of importance, some of the basic features of shell are added at the top, while I have added them in an order they might be implemeted or rearranged based on their implementation order

README.md, after:

# tinyshell
Simple shell implementation in C

## features

- Command interpreter: Allow execution of UNIX commands both synchronously and asynchronously. It allows control over the contents of the environment. It works interactively or non-interactively. It can accept input from keyboard or from a file.
- Commands: Support commands like `cd`, `pwd`.
- Programming language: It works as a programming language which supports variables, flow control, functions and quoting.
- Interactive: It supports job control, command line editing, history and aliases. Job control allows user to suspend or restart a job. Aliases will allow strings to be substituted by commands, it helps in shortening lengthy commands or making sure a command is executed with some basic set of options.
- Pipeline: Multiple commands chained together by their standard streams, so that output text of each process (`stdout`) is passed directly as input (`stdin`) to the next one. Read more from [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pipeline_(Unix)). The syntax is to list multiple commands, separated by vertical bars (pipes - "|").
- Filename wildcard: Match file names using wildcard characters. Supported wildcard characters are `*`, `?`, `[]`, `!`. Read more from [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_character).
- Command substitution: Run a command and paste the output of that command on the command line to another command. `vi $(fgrep -l malloc *.c)` will find all the `C` files that has `malloc` in it and then open them with `vi` editor. Learn more from [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command_substitution).
